AWS IRSA Vault guide for Docs review (#9030)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/integrations/vault/aws-irsa-auth/_index.md

### Step 1: Create a cluster with OIDC

> To configure IRSA, create or use an EKS cluster with an associated OpenID Provider (OIDC). Be sure to use a cluster that you have not yet installed Gloo Edge into.

Author: ```suggestion
To configure IRSA, create or use an EKS cluster with an associated OpenID Provider (OIDC). Be sure to use a cluster name that has not previously been used to create the AWS vault permissions in this guide.
```

The issue isn't if the cluster has Gloo Edge installed (it's easy to uninstall), the issue is the names of the AWS entities created, which are based on the clustername. So the following situation would cause problems:

1) Create a cluster named "gloo-vault"
2) Run through this guide
3) Delete the cluster (the roles and policies do not automatically get cleaned up)
4) Create another cluster named "gloo-vault"

Though this cluster is brand new does not have gloo installed, the AWS namespace has been polluted.  We should make sure to be cleat that this is the issue

> To configure IRSA, create or use an EKS cluster with an associated OpenID Provider (OIDC). Be sure to use a cluster that you have not yet installed Gloo Edge into.

Author: Should probably have a link for this up here too: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html

	status code: 403, request id: e348ee87-6d44-493b-8763-14fff6aea689
```

To create and associate the necessary policy:

> 1. Set an environment variable with the assumed role. You can find the value in your error message.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Set an environment variable with the assumed role. You can find the value in your error message. In the example above, the `<role-name>` would be `foo-role`
```

I think its important somewhere to explicitly state the string that would be used for <role> in the example. There string in the error in the example is arn:aws:sts::account-id:assumed-role/foo-role/bar and the variable should only be set to foo-role (not the complete string, don't include the /bar). The real string will look something like: arn:aws:sts::802411188784:assumed-role/eksctl-username-clustername-nodegrou-NodeInstanceRole-toYayfo5xAZz/i-011db30b6bff745d8
